as a kid did you have any
interest in math or science at
all a
not any particular interests I
was good at math
you record it was signs you know
as a good student
good student general generous
comes with your with the
territory it came with the
territory but my passion
was acting and theater
however my notes say you you you
did some architecture in there
is that right yes
and I was I was also a good sign
occur
I it would be a tough call to
say I want to be an actor
right to determine that rocks he
knew what my passion book my
a schoolteacher cast me in this
was in grammar school
sure or even okay she cast me in
my first acting role
up a Thanksgiving pageant
and I was cast as Indian cheap
that reach the pilgrims look and
I still remember my lines she
told me it was
Indian and so I'm memorize as
workers
when the a the pilgrims came
I greeted them with your a UV
medical %uh know whom Paul
homenaje new GOP
I've never for gotten that and
is that real
does it mean something I have no
idea but that was there on the
screen
it could be a lot of people out
I some contractors you
for a pic botha meant
you white people go back yeah
how often I wear